<h3>Play style:</h3> Conqueror is a knight and is classified as a heavy in the game. He does well as a harasser. With a strong defence, a good conqueror is hard to kill. He is more useful in holding points than he is in engaging a single enemy.


<h3>Tactics:</h3> Conqueror has insane damage and range at the cost of speed and stamina. He is the only hero who can charge a heavy attack for extra damage but cannot feint an attack. The key to winning with the conqueror is to play mind games and remain unpredictable. 

Don't run and try to shield charge at the start of every match. A decent player will just sidestep and attack you. Wait for your opponent to strike, block it and immediately follow with an attack. You can also use an unlimited combo of light attacks and change the direction of each attack to keep the opponent guessing.


Although, in higher tier fights, you will definitely be parried. One of the most annoying combos you can do with the conqueror is the shield bash mix-up - Heavy attack, guard break. Rinse and repeat. If your opponent is not very good, this combo will more often than not kill them as it will lock them out of their player.


If you are up against multiple enemies, go into full block stance and start your zone attack. You can fend off enemies until your stamina runs out. One of the worst things you could do with a conqueror is going all out attack. Considering how slow he is, you will more often than not be guard broken and annihilated. 


You have very low stamina and all of your moves are stamina heavy to keep an eye on the bar. If you run low, increase your distance from the target and counter any guard breaks. Patience is key. Charging like a raging bull in every match will work against beginners but a good player will simply use that against you. 


If you manage to land a guard break/parry, follow with a light attack as a heavy attack has shockingly low speed and can be blocked. When the enemy is conquered, you can always emote spam to add insult to injury but at the cost of your 'Honor'.